hey welcome back to my super mario
galaxy to see through and in this video
we're heading back to world two to do a
prankster comment here at Bowser's lava
layer and this is the lava layer
speedrun and I actually thought this one
was kind of fun
it took me a couple of tries I included
my my first try my full first try here
for you guys because it was pretty silly
I it was actually a pretty good run for
me doing this for the first time I was I
was pretty happy with myself and I
thought that I actually might do this in
one try but I did something really
stupid
and I didn't make it and I died I didn't
die by by running out of time oh no no
no no I have to go out more glorious
than that so yeah I died in a much more
pathetic way but I thought this was a
pretty fun speedrun I am I didn't have
to too much difficulty with that I found
a few shortcuts that worked really well
which you'll see in my final run that I
do excuse me I have some popcorn before
I decided to record this and I have like
the popcorn you know like can they get
stuck I can go through yeah probably
should have waited to eat after I
recorded but no I had to like eat it
before and now I'm not joking I'm sorry
but I want to get this posted so anyways
yeah so we're making our way through it
and I'm doing okay make a good time and
I'm doing pretty good but did I come
here and yeah can you believe that like
I just ran right into those dry bones
and I died that was my first try and I
was like so close and I never had a run
that was quite as good as that one
because I made really good time on that
one but yeah so anyways long jumping
through this is really a good way to
save time don't even bother like
stopping and trying did I time it I mean
the worst case scenario is is you like
hit the lava and if you do then he just
kind of burns himself and then he jumps
like that and it's actually okay because
it that makes you go fast so it's not
really that big of a deal so don't wait
and try and
that just just long jump through it and
if you hit the lava then whatever grab a
coin and you'll be fine
here you can long jump and if I would
have done that right I had done it right
previously on all my other attempts but
if you do it right then you'll make it
and you won't have to go on those guys
at all and ding and I forget their names
I actually looked up their names and now
I can't remember their names I will only
get an annotation because I do have a
funny name anyway so you could totally
avoid them by long jumping through that
area which is really helpful here yes
I'm doing backflips because I'm happy no
because I'm trying the long jump if you
long jump there you can save some time
but for whatever reason my my long jump
was malfunctioning and if you ever
wanted to know what happens if you land
on one of those while they're spinning
you just saw it just kind of like flips
you up so if you like jump and spin you
can kind of recover from that so again
you don't really have to wait for them
you can just jump on them and if they're
spinning then just jump and spin again
here this part of course you kind of do
have to wait there's no real way to get
around these guys but don't bother
killing them or anything just wait for
them to just like walk up to them so
they you know do their thing and try and
stomp you
and here I you have to wait like a
second for that stuff to show up one
time I didn't and I was like jumping and
falling before that grab it the gravity
pull whatever that is showed up and I
said but yeah you could jump on those
guys heads but they won't hurt you so if
you need to get through that clicker you
can just jump on their heads you don't
have to get this life mushroom but the
easiest way to get past these fire bars
is to jump on that so just grab it
anyways and this last stretch is
probably the closest stretch because
there's only one more clock left and
it's pretty tight and this part you do
have to be pretty careful with you don't
want to course get hit by this stuff so
spend jumping and kind of staying
towards them the back is you know so you
can see where that's going to show this
the best and yay I did it
mm-hmm popcorn on my throat and all yeah
I mean I drank water it's like not going
away
it's really sad
but yeah so that was fun speed run done
and we have 67 stars now and that
completes the galaxy and that'll be it
for this video guys I thank you for
watching and I will see you next time